hey guys today I'm gonna share with you
what's in my gym bag of course I have
the essential workout clothes so if
you're going to the gym after work of
course you need to have your workout
clothes I just got this top from
Lululemon it's super cute the back is
kind of a deep V and it has a nice
scrunch around a drawstring around your
waist so if you're doing any like
downward dogs and you don't want the
shirt to go over your belly just pull
this tight love this top I have here one
of my favorite adidas sports bras also
pair of capris because it gets hot in
there these are Oakley's and of course I
have my shoes these are my favorites for
Barry's boot camp right now these are
the New Balance rev lights RC 1400 but
they make me feel like I am as fast as
lightning it's crazy and then I have
some socks in here of course as well so
those are the obvious let's move on to
the less obvious for if you're going to
be doing your own thing earphones are a
must so that you can listen to music and
get pulls in if you go into a group
exercise class obviously you don't need
to have that I also have an arm band if
you're on the treadmill you don't need
an arm band but if you're gonna be doing
weights on the floor an arm band is
essential if you are gonna be doing your
own thing I always like to have an
interval timer with me so this is a gym
boss I use this for my Barry's bootcamp
workout so that you guys know when
you're minute push-ups is over because
it sucks who wants to do more than
minute push-ups so this gym boss is
great you can set different intervals
it's a keeper
I use it for a lot of my workouts at
work and also on my own I also like to
track how hard I'm working during my
workouts so I usually will wear a
heartrate monitor right now I am in the
process of reviewing Under Armour's 39
this is their new heartrate monitor it
measures your willpower the intensity or
heart rate you'll have to check back on
my blog to learn more about it so that's
what's currently in my gym bag or after
your workout flip-flops to keep your
feet safe in the shower so I am a maniac
when it comes to washing my face so I
always bring my own face wash for the
gym
I would not recommend using the body
wash they have there it's way too harsh
on your face
this is Scola they're a small small
company they have a spa here in Boston
and I go and I get facials every few
weeks and these are their products they
don't advertise so they're pretty
affordable this here is like between
twenty and thirty dollars but it has
lasted me all year so bring your own
face wash now the hair products usually
are not the best I work at Barry's boot
camp as you guys know and we have millet
and goats which is a great product line
but still the conditioner is not enough
for me so I always bring a leave-in
conditioner this is twelve benefits I
got it in my Birchbox it just makes my
hair feel like silk it gets out the
tangles it feels healthy blah blah blah
you want to have a leave-in conditioner
if you're not gonna be showering I
highly recommend having a dry shampoo I
don't have one currently in my bag to
show you but I do love dry shampoo and
that is in my dog when I'm not showering
and I do have to like go do something
also if you have to go do something
Cottonelle makes these flushable moist
wipes baby wipes any wipes they're great
get the dirt get the sweat the grime off
of your face or else you're gonna break
out you don't want that to happen so
these nice little moist wipes are great
I also have a brush and I have a
headband to wear while I work out and
then after the workout I really don't
apply much makeup I'll do some CC cream
this is super group you guys know I love
them just a moisturizer with a little
bit of color so that your face tone is
even after you workout you might get
really red and splotchy so using
something that's a moisturizer with a
little bit of color is gonna reduce that
redness and also I just apply a little
bit of mascara and lastly I like to have
something to eat after my workouts
because a lot of times I'll shower and
then I'm
something else so you want to have
something for your post workout in there
this here is just a protein packet but
you can also grab like a bar something
that has a decent amount of protein in
it something around 100 to 250 300
calories that's going to fill you up and
also prepare your muscles so that you
can workout hard and the next day again
so this is what's in my gym bag did I
miss something that you guys always keep
in yours let me know it down below and
if you like this video don't forget to
click thumbs up down below and subscribe
as always I'll see you next time
you